Mr. Chairman, I also want to protect justice.
I intend to make steadyöm,
writers of a greater power and attach mention to the National People's People'sων forest on my social networks.
If the public had not given us the chance to rest,
who could think rather than asking us to rest?
Here,
we should take our lives
Most of youare beaucoup
Washington Post's
First of all, he is a man capable of experiencing an offensive system in the front lines,
familiarity in the front lines, and he is a man to be considered as a Breathing Director
and be a bold design worker who can defeat any enemy, but still a Jungle violence alert.
Today, no new world has emerged
the emperor, hmm he would say to the elderly of the intuition on earth
this capital has an important role
please help us to parents who lose their children's colors.
Furthermore,
in the most difficult times,
I am glad to have been accepted as a member of the Imperial Army.
I am also grateful to have been accepted as a member of the Imperial Army.
Today, I will give you my body and spirit.
I am
Thank you for watching!